To close out this lesson, you will build your most advanced Angular app yet, a tool that helps wait staff at restaurants compute meal costs and track their tips over the course of a shift. You've been provided with a sketch and specs for the app behavior, and it will be up to you to write the code from scratch. Building this app will require you to use most of the concepts and tools discussed so far.

Requirements

The app you build should implement the following sketch:
waitstaff tool wireframe
As you can see, there are three main components to the interface. Here's how each one should work:
Meal Details: In the left most panel, the user enters the base cost for a meal, the tax rate, and the tip percentage the customer wants to leave. When they hit the submit button, the app should validate that the value in each field is numeric. If the form is valid, the Customer Charges and My Earnings Info section should update accordingly.
Customer Charges: This panel displays what the customer should be charged. Subtotal is the value of the base meal price plus tax. Tip is dollar value of the tip, given the subtotal and tip percentage. Total is equal to subtotal plus tip.
My Earnings Info: This panel displays cumulative information about all of the meals submitted so far. Tip total is the sum of all tips computed so far. Meal count is the total number of meals input into the tool. Average tip per meal is equal to the total tip value divided by the number of meals.
Note the "Reset" button in the bottom right of the interface. When the user clicks this button, the app should return to its initial state. All of the cumulative info should reset.
The "Cancel" button within the "Meal Details" area should only clear the inputs without effecting the Customer Charges or the My Earnings Info.
As with the previous projects in this course, be sure to use Git for version control. And when you complete this project, push your master branch up to Github and create a gh-pages branch so you can share a working version of the page. Share a link to both the repo and the gh-page with your mentor and fellow students to get feedback.
